Business Hours Support

Log the call as an Incident. Please see KB0020675.

Assignment Group: SOC
Once you have the incident number and it has been submitted, search for it using the Search bar on the top right corner in ServiceNow.
Once you are in the incident, on the top right corner click Create Security Incident. 
Click OK on the prompt to continue.
Follow steps to submit the Security Incident (SIR)
When the State field changes to Converted, this will be confirmation that the Security Incident was successfully created.
Under the Notes/Activity tab, identify the Security Incident - SIR number.
Give Security a warm hand off by slacking the SIR number to security-servicedesk-chat. 
After Hours Support
Follow steps 1-7 from above.
Call the ITS Operation Center (ITS OC) at 866-552-3850, option 4 and provide the SIR number.
Inform the ITS OC agent that the SIR is a priority P1-P4. Priority Rating (P1-P4) rating will be based on the Risk Factor. Please see table below.

 

 

Priority Rating 

	

Primary Assignments 

	

Selection Criteria 




P1 (Pervasive, major security Incident)  

	
Incident Commander: CISO or delegate 
Incident Response Lead: Director of Security Operations  
Supported by Emergency Management 
	
Functional Impact: denial of critical services, significant impact of critical services  
Observed Activity: exfiltration, Command and Control (C2), collection, lateral movement and privacy implications 
Information Impact: destruction of critical system, critical system data breach, proprietary information loss 
Population: University wide, third-party managing USC information 
Not recoverable 



P2 (Isolated, high-risk security incident)  

	
Incident Commander: Director of Security Operations 
Incident Response Lead: SOC Manager  
	
Functional Impact: denial of non-critical services and significant impact of non-critical services  
Observed Activity: discovery, credential access, defense evasion, privilege escalation, persistence, and execution  
Information Impact: destruction of non-critical system 
Population: multiple University Units  
Recoverability: extended 



P3 (Moderate-risk security threat)  

	
SOC Manager via regular SOC operations 
	
Functional Impact: minimal impact on critical and non-critical services 
Observed Activity: initial access 
Information Impact: suspected but not identified 
Population: Single University Unit  
Recoverability: Supplemented 



P4 (Low-risk security event) 

	
SOC Manager via regular SOC operations 
	
Functional impact: none 
Observed Activity: reconnaissance, none 
Information Impact: none 
Population: Single University Unit  
Recoverability: regular 