Frequently asked questions:

Q: What is the “Three Knock method” for ticket handling?

A. The three-knock method is a way to prompt a response from an unresponsive customer when working on a ticket by making three deliberate attempts to contact the customer.

Q. When do I use the “Three knock method”?

A. The three-knock method should be used when attempting to prompt a response from an unresponsive customer.

Q. Are there exceptions or situations when I should not use the “3 knock method”?

A. There are some situations where this method is not appropriate. In these instances, add a polite note and Resolve / Close the ticket. 

First, when a ticket is open for over three months with ITS as the last responder (e.g. asking for some information or action such as “can you try rebooting your device)
Second, if we proposed a solution and we have been waiting for longer than a couple of weeks for a customer to respond to a request to verify is the solution we proposed fixed their issue, and
Finally, if it is a system that generated the ticket (e.g. Datadog).

Q. If I don’t feel comfortable writing these reminders are there scripts or messages I can use?

A. We get that prompting people to respond may be uncomfortable and it may be difficult to write a message that does not sound off-putting. We have templates you can use to write these messages. See KB0011895 for example text.

Q. Is it true that the three-knock method only applies when I make a comment in the Additional Comments field?

A. Correct. The “Work notes” are just for communicating with colleagues. The Additional Comments field is where all customer-facing communications go.

Q. What if after I resolve this incident after three knocks and the customer complains that they didn’t have a chance to respond and their issue is not fixed?

A. Ensure that proper communication was put in the ticket with an offer that they can reopen the incident within 7 days. Let the customer know they can reopen the ticket simply by clicking on the link.

Q. An irate customer contacted me after the 7 days complaining that their issue was never resolved. What should I do?

A. Politely remind them that several attempts were made to contact them. Apologize for any inconvenience and since closed incidents are not reopened, ask them to open a new incident (or open one on their behalf)

Q. Where can I go for more information?

A. For more information, please ask in our #help-ITSM Slack Channel 